Add test plan for sycl_khr_work_item_queries (#1085)
KhronosGroup/SYCL-CTS: test_plans/khr/sycl_khr_work_item_queries.asciidoc

:sectnums:
:xrefstyle: short

= Test plan for SYCL extension KHR work item queries

This is a test plan for an extension that defines a new interface for groups
described in
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SYCL-Docs/blob/f972f91ef7676c1423eb8402974e1682411903eb/adoc/extensions/sycl_khr_work_item_queries.adoc[sycl_khr_work_item_queries].

== Testing scope

=== Device coverage

All of the tests described below are performed only on the default device that
is selected on the CTS command line.

=== Feature test macro

The tests should statically check that the `SYCL_KHR_WORK_ITEM_QUERIES` macro is
defined.

== Tests

The test cases should test the interface of each of the free functions defined
in the extension:

* `sycl::khr::this_nd_item`
* `sycl::khr::this_group`
* `sycl::khr::work_item<sycl::khr::sub_group>`

> Each test case should ru in ND-range kernels with `Dimensions` equal to 1, 2,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test case should run ND-range kernels with `Dimensions` equal to 1, 2,
```
